Update TPM clone command to specific commit (#41)
ms-iot/imx-iotcore: Documentation/build-arm64-firmware.md

    $ git clone --recursive -b imx_v2018.03_4.14.62_1.0.0_beta https://github.com/ms-iot/u-boot.git
    $ git clone -b codeaurora/imx_4.14.62_1.0.0_beta https://github.com/ms-iot/optee_os.git
    $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/ms-iot/mu_platform_nxp
    $ git clone -b imx_4.14.62_1.0.0_beta https://source.codeaurora.org/external/imx/imx-atf
    $ git clone -b imx_4.14.62_1.0.0_beta https://source.codeaurora.org/external/imx/imx-mkimage
    ```

>     Optionally, clone the TPM reference implementation (`mu_platform_nxp` includes a copy of the TPM already)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Optionally, clone the TPM reference implementation (`mu_platform_nxp` includes a precompiled TPM binary)
```

    ```bash
    $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/Microsoft/ms-tpm-20-ref

>     $ pushd .; cd .\ms-tpm-20-ref; git checkout 65b65354c6cce3212d9c512ec3ae2e23fe37c94d; popd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ pushd ms-tpm-20-ref; git checkout 65b65354c6cce3212d9c512ec3ae2e23fe37c94d; popd
```
